Ds 310 footer in banner (#308)
bifrost-vui/bifrost-front-end-library: CHANGELOG.mdx

### Input Switch
- new [Twig component Input Switch](/story/components-input-switch--drupal).

### Banner Advanced

> - Added `footer` Twig Block on [Banner Advanded twig component](/story/components-banner-advanced--drupal).
> - Made the `inputSwitch` option available on [Banner Advanded twig component](/story/components-banner-advanced--drupal).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New property `footer` in order to add Twig Block on [Twig Component Banner Advanced](/story/components-banner-advanced--drupal).
- New property `inputSwitch` on [Twig Component Banner Advanced](/story/components-banner-advanced--drupal).
```
